# ECE444-F2021-Lab6
Name: Alan Du

This repository is based off of this repo https://github.com/mjhea0/flaskr-tdd

## Pros and Cons of TDD
One advantage to TDD is that the code has less bugs in it than other types of development. This is because, assuming that tests are correctly implemented, each new function/piece added to the code base is verified to be correctly working before moving on. When bugs do appear, the list of possible places where it could originate are drastically lowered. Another advantage to TDD is that it makes refactoring code easier and gives the programmer more confidence in their changes. If the refactored code doesn’t fail any tests, then the programmer can be confident that all the functionality of the code is still the same. If some tests do fail, then the programmer can easily identify where the refactoring went wrong and fix the issue. Additionally, an advantage to TDD is that you only need to write what’s necessary to pass the required tests for a feature. This incentivizes the programmer to write the bare minimum/simplest implementation of the feature and cuts down on unnecessary code. This also gives the programmers a clear goal and metric in mind to work towards.

On the other hand, one disadvantage to TDD is that tests must be kept up to date/maintained. If tests are not properly maintained, then TDD loses its value as a development process as you can no longer guarantee the functionality of the code and tracking feature development becomes very challenging. Additionally, if a new feature needs to be introduced or an old feature needs an update, then new tests must be added and old tests must updated or removed. This entire process takes a long time and must be finished before anything else, delaying when the actual feature implementation begins. The last disadvantage is that even though TDD reduces the number of bugs in your code, it does not mean that the code is 100% bug free. Edge cases bugs that developers do not account for can still exist, and more fundamental issues with a system’s algorithm or structure/architecture in general will not be solved purely through TDD. Developers can only write test cases for bugs that they anticipate, they cannot write test cases for issues that they cannot think of or understand. 
